IP restrictions Access Denied screens (#3509)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/secure/ip-restrictions.md

## Enabling Restrictions

Once you are done adding all your ranges, IP restrictions can be enabled by selecting the **Enable IP restrictions** button and clicking **Save**. If your IP address is in any of the denylist ranges, you won’t be able to save or enable IP restrictions - this is done to prevent accidental account lockouts. If you do get locked out due to IP changes on your end, please reach out to support@dbtlabs.com

> When attempting to access dbt Cloud from a restricted IP, users will encounter one of two screens depending on whether they are using email & password or SSO login. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once enabled, when someone attempts to access dbt Cloud from a restricted IP, they will encounter one of the following messages depending on whether they use email & password or SSO login. 
```
